{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Kevin Wainczak\
15-112 Term Project Read Me\
\
My project is a password security program. It takes a password given to the user, and asks them to type it 50 times. The more data collected for a user, the stronger the program will be. I record the key down and key up times for each successful entry of the password, and calculate consecutive key up and consecutive key down times. In the analysis portion, after the user enters the password, I run a chi-squared statistic algorithm and a k-Nearest Neighbor algorithm to determine which profiled user entered the password, and in the case of an input that is not strongly connected to any one profile, that no profiled user entered the password. (For more detailed descriptions of how the two classifying algorithms work, see the design overview)\
\
This program uses the eventBasedAnimation framework from 15-112, so that must be in the same folder as the program that is being run. No modules outside of ones that come with Python 2.7 are needed to run the program. More specifically, the program imports eventBasedAnimation, time, random, csv, Tkinter, and ttk. None of these need to be specially downloaded. \
\
The user should have a .gif file saved under their name in the folder that the program is run in under the format \'93yourname.gif\'94. Also, the user should expect the program to create .csv files in the same folder that the program is kept in.}