{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Competitive Analysis:\
\
A big part of my inspiration from this research came from discussion with Professor Maxion. He helped me come up with his topic. It was after reading much of his research, which I have included in the TP1 file, that I wanted to pursue keystroke dynamics. His research talks about different algorithms he used. I\'92ll likely use the WEKA classifier to play around and see which algorithm gives me the best results. He spoke about which algorithm worked best in a paper where he compared various ones. \
\
I spent a very long time reading all of his relevant publications. The user interface he uses in his lab is an official program and I am trying to replicate something that accomplishes the same goal. I do not know what program in particular he uses, or what it looks like, so I am trying to create an easy to look at and understand user interface. I am also figuring out how to use the classifier on my own. In his lab, I understand that he uses an R-Classifier. He recommended to me WEKA and that it was overall easy to use. \
\
Other research has been done by people such at Monrose and Rubin at Columbia University, but there is nothing I could find relating to research comparing various keyboards. This is research that Professor Maxion pursued but never published, and I believe he got a success rate of about 90%, which was not has high as he usually got with other related research.}